---
title: "LAI 508: Educational Uses of the Internet"
---

### LAI 508: Educational Uses of the Internet {#lai-508}

#### Current course description

This class is an exploration of ways the Internet can be utilized in instructional settings. Beyond acquiring hands-on experience with Web searching, using Web-based tools, and developing Web-based modules, we will investigate related technical, pedagogical, cultural, and social issues, to clarify what the Internet means in the context of educational experiences: How might teaching and learning practices change with Internet uses? What is needed for successful experiences using the Internet in education? What new concerns does the Internet bring? How does the Internet relate to the cultural context of the classroom and the cultural background of teacher and learner?

#### Proposed changes

- Run a section specifically for CS teachers. Prerequisite basic Python. 
- Focus on teaching concrete CS concepts using technologies such as Scratch, IDEs, informal computing technologies
  (e.g. web browser developer tools) and hardware such as educational robots and Raspberry Pis. 
  The shift is toward “sub-screenic literacies” (Lynch) or how computational infrastructure shapes practice. 
- This course complements LAI XXX in that LAI XXX is heavily focused on programming. 
  In this course, we will use hardware as an object-to-think-with for exploring CS concepts.  
- This course will also emphasize classroom-level teaching and learning. 
